# MagpantayJsayHello

Peer review [Elizar Garcia] code works great! i entered my name and it showed up on the postman side with no problem. the controller layout on the cs side looks and works great. good job!!


Setting UP the Vs code to API:

My instructors has taught us different ways to store our files and share it to the public, the first place we were taught was Github. Github is now our default place to to send our codes. Now, We are now taught told to send this weeks Mini Challenges API. The basic way to start a program in VS code and make sure it works is "Dotnet new console" followed by Dotnet run, that would let you know if the program would run. For API is different, You have to "Dotnet new webapi" which would make a bridge point from your Vs code to later on Postman. What I would do first is go to program.cs and go to line "19" & comment it out so i wont run into problems later on. I would then go to controller folder ( a default weatherforecastController.cs would be there) and start my project, This is the Hello World project so i named it sayHello.cs. For the steps, I would go back to the weather forecast controller and copy all of the codes that are in there and paste it to the sayhello.cs. Delete all the codes inside the body of the public string just a little below the API controller and route( So Line 9 until 31 ) , You are now ready to start project. After typing the codes for the project, I would press Run and Debug and that should give me my URLs to test, there are two that are given one for http and one for https. A automated web should appear and I would copy that URL and open POSTMAN. Paste the URL to postman with the matching Class and Route, and that should run the program otherwise you can test it out in the web URL as well plugging class and route again( you should get texts in the web). After doing that, It's ready to be sent to Github!, after testing that it WORKS , go back to VS code and go to terminal, simply type in "Git init" and go to source Control, I would also press Ctrl + shift + P to get the git ignore feature in as well, after the code/project done there would be a Tab in there thats named Changes, click the + button there to stage it. After pressing that, Type in a message that would appear in github and press committ then publish branch. Go to github to check your respository and add a Read Me file to describe the whole project and let other programmers peer review the work! 
